
Defintion Topology:
 In Kafka Stream topology means its a data pipeline or template on how the data is going to be flow or handled

 How kafka Stream executes the topology:
    Two things happend when we  start our Kafka Stream:
    1- creating the task for the topology.
    2- executing the task using stream threads.

 How the  tasks are created for the topology?
 task is basically the unit of work in a kafka streams application

 how many tasks can a kafka stream application can have?

 the maximum number of tasks is determined by the number of partitions of source topics
 example:
    if source topics have 4 partitions, then we will have four tasks created behind the scenes for our application.
    An the benefit for that creating  is parallel by our kafka streams application.
    as we see, when  Kafka stream splits the data into partitions inside the topic and each and every partition is independent of one another.
    and when you have 4 tasks created in this examples, you can parallelly process them to speed up the overall streaming process.

    The parallelism is determined by threads  but the  stream threads are the one which are reponsible for executing the tasks by default.

    By default the number of streams threads is 1, and this value is controlled by the:
     num.stream.threads property. and you can modify this value if
    you want

    How tasks is created and how it works?
     Let's say we have a Kafka topic with four partition and our Kafka streams application is going to stream from this topic.
     Since we have four partitions, there is going to be four tasks created for us behind the scenes.
     and as we have only one thread by default(num.stream.threads =1) all this 4 tasks  handled by this single thread.
     in this case we don't have parallelism.
      to Achevie parallelism, you must set (num.stream.threads =4) and the other approach is basically
      you can have two instances or more instances of the KA stream application and these applications can be in the same node or a differents node
      with the same applicationId .
      As long  as you have the same application ID, you can acheive parallelism

 what is the ideal number of stream threads that you can set for your application?
 So the general recommendation is to keep the stream threads equal to the number of cores in the machine


 how do stream threads utilize tasks and partitions to achieve parallelism in processing data?

 Thread can manage/exectue one or more tasks (who is responsible for processing data one or more partition in topics)


kafka Stream and Consumer Groups:
Kafka streams behind the scenes uses consumer API to stream the data from the Kafka topic.
 Kafka streams uses the consumer and producer API  behind the scenes to consume and produce data into the KAFA topic


 What's one common pitfall or misconfiguration related to task distribution
  that could lead to performance bottlenecks, even with multiple instances and threads?
 The key is to ensure a good repartitioning or keying strategy for your data so that it's spread out across all available partitions




